Add new table format presets. Add support for custom format (#23)
u2i/egis: docs/CHANGELOG.md

> ## 1.0

Reviewer: That could use an update as well :)

### 2.0.0

> - **[breaking change]** Make `:orc` table format to have `orc.column.index.access` disabled by default. `:orc_legacy` preset replaces the previous one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[breaking change]** Make `:orc` table format use column names instead of indexes by default. `:orc_legacy` preset preserves existing behavior.
```
